# [Matt](https://edabit.com/user/BkPgkDQGHm66X4Qai)

```js
const convert = (minutes) => minutes * 60;
```

## Strategy

This function has one input argument. Matt chose a simple multiplication
strategy to convert minutes into seconds by multiplying the input by 60,
leveraging the basic relationship that there are 60 seconds in a minute.

## Implementation

The developer crafted a one-line implementation of the convert(minutes) function
that uses a straightforward mathematical operation to transform minutes into
seconds. Unlike solutions requiring conditionals or lookups, the elegance here
lies in its simplicity and direct use of arithmetic.

Arrow function - implicit return: The solution is a single expression,
minutes \* 60, so no explicit return statement is required. The result is
implicitly returned, making the code concise and efficient.

Mathematical formula (no array): Instead of using pre-stored values or a complex
structure, the function relies on the basic formula minutes \* 60. This
calculates the total seconds without needing iteration or additional data
storage.

Parameter as input: The parameter minutes is used directly in the
multiplication, not as an index or key, to compute the result. Thereâ€™s no need
for offsets or additional logic, as the operation naturally handles any positive
numeric input.

## Possible Refactors

This strategy could also be implemented with these alternative approaches ...

A long if else if else statement: Check specific values of minutes and return
precomputed seconds (e.g., if (minutes === 1) return 60; if (minutes === 2)
return 120;).

A long switch case: Similar to the if-else approach, use a switch block to map
minutes to its corresponding seconds total.

An object with key/value pairs: Store minute-to-second conversions as key/value
pairs (e.g., {1: 60, 2: 120, 3: 180}) and access the result using minutes as the
key.

Array-based approach: Create an array of precomputed seconds and use minutes as
an index, though this would require handling the 0-based index offset (e.g., [0,
60, 120, 180]). References This solution stood out because of its clever use of
a simple mathematical operation, avoiding the need for iteration or data
structures. The implicit return was straightforward, but the real insight came
from recognizing the power of basic arithmetic:

-implicit returns: [kbarker.dev] Basic time conversion: A fundamental concept
where 1 minute equals 60 seconds, efficiently applied here.
